= connect-rpx.js

Use RPX with Connect on top of Node.js
http://nodejs.org/
http://github.com/extjs/Connect

== Usage:

  // Setup whatever require paths you need.  You'll need to at least make restler accessible to connect-rpx
  // require.paths.unshift('../node-lib/connect-rpx'); // This might work!
  // require.paths.unshift('../node-lib/restler/lib'); // And, something like this!
  var Connect = require('connect');
  var MemoryStore = require('connect/lib/connect/middleware/session/memory').MemoryStore;
  var RPX = require( 'rpx' );
  
  // Setup RPX 
  // 
  // Your API key, look in the settings on rpxnow.com
  RPX.config( 'apiKey', 'abcefgehijk' );
  // (Specify root paths to ignore, if you need to serve them for your login page)
  RPX.config( 'ignorePaths', [ '/stylesheets', '/images', '/javascript', '/css' ] );
  // This is where RPX will redirect you to once authentication has occurred
  RPX.config( 'reentryPoint',  '/rpx_login' );
  // This will remove the user auth session cookie, effectively logging you out.
  RPX.config( 'logoutPoint',  '/logout' );
  // The page which you use as a login page, see the sample login.html here.
  RPX.config( 'loginPage',  '/static/login.html' );
  
  // Setup your connect.  RPX requires session, cookieDecoder, redirect installed before RPX.
  var minute = 60000;
  var root = __dirname + "/public";
  var Server = module.exports = Connect.createServer(
      Connect.logger(),
      Connect.bodyDecoder(),
      Connect.redirect(),
      Connect.cookieDecoder(),
      Connect.session({ store: new MemoryStore({ reapInterval: minute, maxAge: minute * 5 }) }),
      RPX.handler,
      Connect.staticProvider( root )  // this is not strictly required, 
                                      // but might be where you store login page and CSS, etc.
  );

* Then, run your app, and it should redirect to you the loginPath specified in the configuration.

  // You can access the username by using req.session.username inside your app
  var username = req.session.username;

* Need to test locally?  This will enable a random user login rather than going into RPX for authentication allowing you to test while on a plane and simulate a login.

    // Add this after the last RPX.config line
    // DON'T FORGET TO REMOVE THIS IN PRODUCTION!!!
    RPX.config( 'fakedAuthentication', true );

== TODO:

* Remove dependency on restler
* Install a callback to add other data beyond just username into the session
* Add something to better handle errors or cancellations
* Write test cases, I'm so embarassed to publish without them....

== THANKS

This code was based on the rack-rpx module http://github.com/pedrodelgallego/rack-rpx